FONTLOG for the Enriqueta fontThis file provides detailed information on the Enriqueta font Software.This information should be distributed along with the Enriqueta font and any derivative works.Basic Font InformationEnriqueta is a serif typeface designed to meet the technical demands of silkscreen printing wich, since is a grid system, also makes it an excellent candidate for digital display applications that is built in pixels.It’s a Slab font with clear, direct and not so subtle features, that was conceived as a hybrid that takes from the Egyptian style its robustness and strong serifs, and from Roman fonts the proportions and soft humanist tones, resulting in a harmonic and legible typeface for texts.Enriqueta was selected to be exhibit at Tipos Latinos 2010, fourth Latin-american tipography biennial and to be part of the German editorial project Typodarium 2012.Designed by Viviana Monsalve & Gustavo Ibarra.Enriqueta is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support other scripts.More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode ranges: Basic Latin, Latin-1 Supplement, Latin Extended-A, and Latin Extended-B.To contribute to the project contact Viviana Monsalve & Gustavo Ibarra at info@fontfuror.comThere is one Source file:1. enriqueta_masters_-GOOGLE.glyphs / 2 masters: Regular & Bold; 2 instances: Medium & Semibold; with components, contour overlaps and open type featuresThere is 8 font filesOTF 
	1. Enriqueta-Regular.otf
	2. Enriqueta-Medium.otf
	3. Enriqueta-SemiBold.otf
	4. Enriqueta-Bold.otfTTF	1. Enriqueta-Regular.ttf
	2. Enriqueta-Medium.ttf
	3. Enriqueta-SemiBold.ttf
	4. Enriqueta-Bold.ttf
ChangeLogIf you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.N: Viviana Monsalve, Gustavo IbarraE: viviana.monsalve.a@gmail.comW: www.72puntos.comD: Typeface Designers
